[Music]
can i help you sir
you can help me find maria oh maria's
gone we're completely self-checkout now
please scan your item please scan your
item
i just did please scan your items yeah
right
this can't keep happening you're not
putting me in a hall
what if it were our home grandpa
hi grandpa hello sweetheart
how's your daughter's place that she
gave me my grandson's room he's not too
happy about it
how do you like your room kid looking i
didn't want it to be this way either
i just want my room back get away from
me
ah come on i want to put up with this
piece i demand my room back
or else it's more declaration of war
give me back one of mine or face the
consequences
okay okay you got your wish
doctor fast drying foam sealant i'm
gonna get this too
so let me get this straight you want me
to help you and your birthdays help beat
up your grandson and his buddies because
the two of you can't figure out some way
to live in the same
house well when you put it like that i'm
in
[Music]
this kind of aggression shall not stand
senpai
i didn't know you were a marine
just saying and i know let's do this
do you guys even remember how to play
dodgeball so you don't need your diaper
changed
sure you don't
run to your life why are we doing it
this way
when you have peace talks you need
someone neutral to mediate
you gave me a cookie it is true a cookie
was given
i think your grandpa might be a ninja we
gotta end this somehow
did you see that
happy birthday happy birthday honey
well this is your daddy's
[Music]
brought back from the war
i think it's time to pass it on
[Music]
it's the best present i ever got thank
you
how and why people from two points on a
map without even a straight line between
them can be connected
is at the heart of our story and knock
them stiff
you ever think about how we ended up
orphans living in the same house
i know what my daddy did
some people would say it's just dumb
luck
you take pictures i do i see a smile
pretty enough to photograph that is
others would tell you it was god's plan
blessed are they hunger and thirst
for righteousness that ain't no preacher
he's as bad as they got on the damn
radio
when people look back on it they had no
other choice
there's a lot of no good sons and
out there
excuse me preacher you got time for a
center
you know i studied something it's called
the delusion
a belief that is untrue
it is our delusion the leaders to sin
delusions
some people were born just so they could
be buried
what i'm about to do i do because i have
to
not because i want to
deputy chairman fred hampton of the
illinois black panther party
repeat after me
[Applause]
hey
you're looking at 18 months
for the stolen car five years for
impersonating a federal officer
or you can go home
the black panthers are forming a rainbow
coalition
of oppressed brothers and sisters of
every color their aim
is to show hatred and inspire terror
these ain't no terrorists you can murder
a liberator you can't murder liberation
you're the murderer revolutionary but
you can't murder revolution
and you can murder a freedom fighter but
you can't learn
[Applause]
oh
foreign
in these modern times the average driver
will spend over four years of their life
in a car and 80
of them at some point will experience
aggressive driving or more commonly
known as
road rage
rule number one if you find yourself in
this situation
you know what a courtesy type is young
man sounds like this it's light
it's friendly sure that's what your mom
meant to do it's important
not to engage the other driver if you
apologize
i don't have anything to apologize for
rule number two remember your fellow
drivers may be going through personal
issues
affecting their mood or temperament my
invisible life
has been dismissed
retribution that's all i got left
yes troublesome people may be troubled
i'm pretty sure the guy in that truck's
following me he's road rage and
he's just trying to scare you
hey hi
rule number three once an altercation
has escalated
this is where your first lesson begins
things can take a sudden
unhinged turn it's okay it's gonna be
okay
that's where we are in this world today
we seem to have developed inability to
apologize
to anyone for anything
but you can learn
just remember be safe out there
me what's going on
a doctor nice big house like this
there is a ton of cash we wait till they
get back
they give us what we want
me the baby
this won't get you anywhere prison maybe
don't do this give me the combination no
they have to get into the hospital the
hospital is 30 miles away i seriously
doubt you could survive the journey
oh goodness you don't look at all well
please sit here
and wait for the ambulance to arrive
oh we really must fumigate this place
again soon
we're plagued by vermin every sort of
past
we have to get out don't worry
everything will be fine i told you a
thousand times shoes off
at the door she needs to be punished
she'll ruin everything very well
if that's what you want
[Music]
tell me what's going on just a few
minutes more and then a lovely
long sleep
there she is guess what
daddy is going to get you dressed for
school today
we are descendants of the gods
this land was always ours but we must
never relent
or nowhere and everywhere
you're from virginia right i can tell
you're special we are the future
you you're not like the others
whoever you were before
that's over
[Music]
what are we doing what
is the plan
[Applause]
tonight 9-1-1 what is your emergency
your individual life vest is located in
a pouch beneath your seat
should its use become necessary
bring the straps around your waist pull
on the loose straps
[Music]
until the vest fits snugly as we are now
demonstrating
thank you for your attention
we will be airborne shortly
we are torn apart by events i like to be
submissive
do you know what that means
put back together differently by others
why japan
sometimes being alone isn't about other
people alone is about people
be careful then how do you know that i'm
not a bad man
[Music]
i don't
just special how do you know
difficult to make you happy
i think i'm destined to go nuts nobody
uses their public face in the express
sometimes the mask is prettier than the
thing behind it
i tell myself there is no happy ending
all the pieces do not fit together
perfectly
but somehow everything is beautiful
[Music]
20 minutes after they invented film
somebody started photographing naked
people
hollywood was a kind of sodom on the
pacific middle america was
up in arms there were censorship boards
moral police
thou shall not do this you should not
have that no nudity and nothing
licentious or lecherous
if the code movies teach us anything
it's that there are ways around
stuff you have people making movies
without the seal of approval
it has sex it has violence it has the
relationship between sex and violence
subversive stuff marilyn monroe was the
first actress to prove that nudity does
not destroy a career can even help a
career and then jane mansfield was
right behind her and mamie vandoran
that's han margaret and she's naked
everybody's naked and they're touching
each other they decided to allow
nudity in movies midnight cowboy won an
oscar and was rated x about bloody time
it was liberating for actors and
actresses to get nude on the screen when
am i ever going to look this good again
if i hadn't done the nudity i might not
have a career today i wouldn't have
gotten the role had i not had breasts
if i'm naked people are going to go like
this in america they go oh my god
i wasn't prepared for the entire world
picking your body apart you want to be
attractive enough that people want you
to be naked but you want to work with
people that aren't going to
abuse it i don't want to be known as the
actress who just does nudity i didn't
have
the choices that women do today now
there's more of a system of checks and
balances
the growing metoo movement people are
very aware
of power dynamics what price do you put
on your body
and what are you willing to get naked
for people are afraid of
sex and maybe they're a little bit
afraid of nudity too
you were looking you were looking
awfully close weren't you
ladies and gentlemen robin williams
your brain doing when ten thousand
people are laughing their heads off
i'm not a tuna the human brain is you
know
an extraordinary three and a half pound
glam go get me a little crazy guy
the moment you think you understand it
it comes out with something else
the breaking news actor robin williams
is dead at the age of 63.
they believe that the bay area resident
committed suicide
there was a lot of media speculation
on robin williams mind before his death
money his broker is depressed or he's
just given up
the last movie was clear to all of us on
that set that
something was going on with robin there
was something eroding within him
i was called in to go over the corners
report it was the beginning of
understanding what had really gone on
my husband had unknowingly been battling
a deadly disease lewy body dementia is
devastating illness increases anxiety
self-doubt causes delusions that have
never been present in someone
[Music]
nearly every region of his brain was
under attack he experienced himself
disintegrating
i remember him saying to me i don't know
what's going on i'm not me anymore
it really amazed me that robin could
walk or move at all
people who are incredibly brilliant can
tolerate degenerative diseases better
robin williams was a genius
he was always able to power through it
and he'd become this guy
that you knew remembered and loved the
way that he was able
to battle the inner turmoils he was a
freaking warrior
it no longer feels loyal to be silent
about it but maybe more loyal
to share he was blessed
with what his heart was capable of in
the midst
of fear he wanted to help people be less
afraid
self goes away ego bye bye
the thing that matters are others
that's what life is about
[Music]
legends of wrestling one of the biggest
events of the year
10 000 fans in attendance as ken
anderson
takes on david arquette
[Applause]
david arquette is the wrestler sucks i
don't give a about david arquette
[Music]
it's the biggest disgrace in
professional wrestling history
an untrained hollywood actor wins the
most prestigious championship
his involvement in wrestling really hurt
his career 10 years of rejection that's
crazy
i want to clear my name and through the
process honor wrestling
[Applause]
this ain't the movies we don't have
stunt doubles
i'd like to announce my return to
professional wrestling
do their wrestle again what are your
thoughts
yeah that's my boy
why do you want to get back in the ring
it's been 18 years of people thinking i
disrespected wrestling i'm just kind of
sick of being a joke
there's a lot going on with david his
anxiety is crippling
two years ago it's a heart attack a year
later at the death match
so what does that mean for next year the
ribs actually break they can actually
bleed into your lungs
wrestling's not fake guys preston's
you are godlike you are the man
[Applause]
what
one last time i have to really prove
myself
[Applause]
[Music]
what are you gonna do when you go to
your movie and you show up like that oh
[Music]
do you live nearby no not
really where are you going
i'm headed north
i'm sorry i i've got to go i'm just
going to take a minute oh i'm late for a
meeting
i'm sorry
9-1-1 what's your emergency i think i'm
being followed
i know you're close
are you scared
do you think you're the first one to say
that
let me get out of here
i know fear when i see it
it's all in the eyes
people think they can hide it but they
can't
not from me
prove to me that i'm wrong
you hear me
i am coming for you
i'll drop you off at the airport then
i'll drop off maddie at the soccer game
then i'll drop off kristen to valerie's
apartment then i'll get maddie after her
soccer game we'll scoop you up kristen
bring you both back home
i'm gonna be showing houses for the rest
of the day that sounds like a nice
little saturday
tell them where you're spending your
saturdays kristen my mom thinks i can
get into princeton laureen
what are we going into tonight
[Music]
what is that it's oxy that makes all
your worries and all your problems just
disappear
[Music]
good new product baby lucifer lace with
fentanyl to all your friends here's your
ass snowing forecast for all good little
snow babies
lost girls four dimes die hard night
one bad pop can put you in the ground
kristen are you okay
because you haven't been yourself amen
[Applause]
don't believe in hell look deep into the
eyes of a 16 year old heroine
i'm addicted you need to tell your
parents it's time
the fine print in life applies to you
chris mccusker when are you going to
realize that when it's too late
[Applause]
it'll be okay
uh shoes off what
is this your house i'm just running come
on you gotta buy
you always bring a backpack into bars or
what it's my stuff
i'm here for the weekend
andrew sammy
emma what the hell is going on wait what
hell is here
is that yes it's my wife
your sister is
my brother's wife emma i thought you
weren't supposed to come till tomorrow
well i did
come mark jansen vp regional sales i
work with andrew says you're uh
obviously amazing oh cool i've yeah i've
i heard about you too
yeah are you okay yeah no i'm um
i'm shooting for par no no i mean you
like look really really oh my god
oh my god mark mark did he just faint
sure you don't have to be somewhere
sammy
no no i'll stick around
[Music]
[Applause]
people came over to party so all right
then we're gonna leave
oh you're gonna go
you should drive safe
[Music]
are you peeing i am yo andrew right my
dog
we'll see you out there matt it's mark
take care matt
cake blows
and bro tell me is it weird that we're
siblings but we hooked up with another
pair of siblings
why'd you say that yeah why would you
say that hi
you're not tenderheaded are you
i'll be fine
clients where the stuff is magic
you know in some parts of india a
woman's hair is her most prized
possession
you can't bear to see yourself the way
nature
and you scoffed us in our superstitions
well
superstitions are in fact tributaries
leading to rivers
of truth about what you really are
and who you might have been
uh
hey girl hey did you forget your coat
[Music]
you need help with that okay
i'm sending this to my family back home
if you want i can drive you to the post
office that's okay with your boyfriend
[Music]
you're safe now you're here with me
you don't know what you're talking about
that man that was paying him to marry me
for a green card
gorgeous
[Music]
it doesn't matter to me
your respective countries have deemed
you the best in what you do
the ultimate sacrifice may be required
where are you you son of a
he has multiple dirty bombs being built
nothing
gets out of there
this ends now this guy's all messing
around
we have one shot at this guy
tense always tense
this guy pissing me off we have to
finish where we started
all this will be for nothing world's
watching
get in find him eliminate it
two one and she's on it she's rushing
she never gems
now get up and let's kill them all
target lock
fire
done in flames or nothing at all
[Music]
you